source: {'id': None, 'name': 'New York Post'}
author: Javier Ortega-Araiza
title: Apple Card review: Great for Apple enthusiasts, meh for everyone else
description: The Apple Card offers a sleek design, no annual fee, and competitive cash back, making it a solid option for Apple enthusiasts. But you may be able to find better rewards elsewhere.
url: https://nypost.com/credit-cards/apple-credit-card-review/
urlToImage: https://nypost.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/12/Apple-Card-review-Great-for-Apple-enthusiasts-meh-for-everyone-else-.png?w=1024
publishedAt: 2024-01-02T17:23:38Z
content: 
Content provided by Bankrate.com. New York Post and its content partners earn compensation from the affiliate companies that appear below. This content does not include all available financial offers, and compensation may impact how and where links appear in the content.
If you’re an avid user of Apple’s products, you may be curious about the Apple Card. This sleek titanium card aligns with many of Apple’s eye-catching products. 
But in a sea of credit cards, do its benefits and perks actually stand out? 
The card has some attractive features, like no annual fee and the ability to earn 3% cash back. But if you aren’t enmeshed in Apple’s existing ecosystem, you probably won’t be able to maximize its benefits. 

Here’s everything you need to know about the Apple Card and how to decide if it’s right for you.
ProsConsNo annual feesAdvanced security features powered by Apple’s Touch ID and Face IDDaily cash back (up to 3% when buying from Apple or other select merchants)Ability to redeem cash back into Savings accountFamily Sharing optionA physical card is not sent to you automatically; you need to request itYou cannot apply for a card without an iPhone or iPadEarn only 1% back on purchases without Apple PayNo welcome offerNo travel rewards
How the Apple Card works
The Apple Card, backed by Goldman Sachs, boasts some unique features that distinguish it from other cards. 
One key benefit of the Apple Card is that it has no annual fees, foreign transaction fees, or late fees. This makes it easier for you to use your credit card smartly. 
The Apple Card also comes with unlimited daily cash back, which you can automatically save and earn interest on. Here’s a closer look at how Apple’s rewards program works. 
How to earn Apple Daily Cash
With the Apple Card, you can earn 3% daily cash back at Apple and other select merchants, including Nike, Uber, Walgreens, and more. You’ll also earn 2% daily cash back when you use Apple Pay connected to your Apple Card. 
You’ll earn 1% back on all other purchases, including purchases made with your physical card. 
If you’re a frequent Uber rider, regularly upgrade your Apple devices, or spend with any of the select merchants, the Apple Card may be worth it. You’ll be able to truly maximize your ability to earn cash back on your purchases. The same goes for if you use Apple Pay for most purchases. 
How to redeem Apple Daily Cash
To make the most of your Daily Cash, you’ll need an Apple Cash account. Rewards accrue daily, and you can redeem rewards along with any money you have in your Cash account. 
All earnings will be added to your Cash account each day, which you can use to:

Invest in your Apple Savings account, a high-yield account that can grow your funds faster
Keep it in your Apple Cash account in the Wallet app
Make purchases via Apple Pay
Use it to pay off your Apple Card
Send it to another Apple Cash user

If you don’t set up an Apple Cash account, your rewards will be applied as a statement credit toward your balance. 
How to apply for the Apple Card
Provided you have an iPhone, you can complete the application process in only a few minutes. If approved, you can start using your card immediately via your phone’s digital wallet — no waiting for a physical card to come in the mail. 
While Apple offers a physical card, you must request it, as it won’t get automatically delivered.
If you get denied, you can enroll in the Path to Apple Card program. This program offers tips to improve your application and boost your score. Once completed, you’ll get a second chance at approval. 
Limitations of the Apple Card
Despite its unique benefits, the Apple Card does have some limitations. 

If you prefer using a physical card or regularly shop at retailers that don’t take Apple Pay, this card may not be a good fit. That’s because you’ll only earn 1% back on those purchases. 
This card is only helpful if you’re a regular Apple user or are willing to switch to Apple products. To make the most of the card, you’ll also need an Apple Cash account and an Apple Savings account. 
The Apple Card doesn’t come with benefits like a welcome offer or travel rewards. If your main goal is to get travel discounts or secure a sign-on bonus, you may want to consider other options. 

Should you get an Apple Card? 
If you’re an Apple enthusiast, this is likely a great option for you. The Apple Card comes with solid cash back rewards and no annual fees, and seamlessly integrates with your Apple devices.
But depending on your spending habits, you may want a card with higher cash back earning rates. Or, you may want a card that offers other travel perks, like airport lounge access or travel insurance.
Plus, the Apple Card’s integration with Apple devices may not be a significant advantage if you don’t use Apple products. 

Alternatives to consider
Here are some potential alternatives to the Apple Card, depending on your preferences.
Capital One SavorOne Cash Rewards Credit Card
If you’re a foodie and entertainment lover who wants to earn cash back, the Capital One SavorOne Cash Rewards Credit Card is a solid option. 
The SavorOne offers a whopping 10% cash back on purchases made through Uber and UberEats (much higher than the Apple Card’s 3%) through Nov. 24, 2024. You’ll also earn 8% back on Capital One Entertainment purchases, 5% on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel, and an unlimited 3% back on dining, entertainment, popular streaming subscriptions, and grocery store purchases (excluding superstores). You’ll earn 1% back on everything else. 
If you spend primarily on dining and entertainment, you’ll get much more out of this card than the Apple Card. Plus, this card comes with a welcome bonus and no annual fee. 
Citi Double Cash® Card
If you’re looking for a simple and rewarding credit card, the Citi Double Cash® Card is a great choice. With this card, you can earn 2% cash back on all purchases. When you make a purchase, you’ll earn 1% cash back; when you pay it off, you’ll earn an additional 1%. 
Like the Apple Card, there’s no annual fee. But unlike the Apple Card, you can earn and redeem cash back travel rewards. You can get 5% cash back on hotels, car rentals, and attractions booked through Citi Travel through December 2024. 
Bank of America Travel Rewards Credit Card
If you like earning flat-rate rewards but want to earn points instead of cash back, consider the Bank of America Travel Rewards Credit Card. 
With this card, you’ll earn 1.5X points on all your purchases. You can redeem points for gift cards, cash, a statement credit, or transfer them to a hotel or airline partner.  Like the Apple Card, the Bank of America Travel Rewards has no annual or foreign transaction fees.
The bottom line
If you already use Apple products and want to expand your experience, then the card offers plenty of benefits. But other cards may align better with your spending and offer better rewards, depending on what you want out of a card.
As always, make sure that you’ve looked at the fine print and are clear on your financial goals, as this will help you decide which card to choose. 

Opinions expressed are author’s alone, not those of any bank, credit card issuer, or other entity. This content has not been reviewed, approved, or otherwise endorsed by any of the entities included in the post.

